README.md, before:

# Metatrader 5 docker image

This project enables you to run Metadreader with x11 forwarding i got the inspiration from [MetaTrader5-Docker-Image](https://github.com/gmag11/MetaTrader5-Docker-Image). Purpose for this project is to have safe and secure image without using external images. Project is made for linux although you can make it work with windows or macos with software that supports x11 forwarding. When you run the docker container new window will pop up with the program running so you can mount for example project to Experts or config to profiles.

## Features

- Run Metatrader5 in an isolated enviroment
- Mount your seperate project chart config for you project
- Mount your project dir so it runs on a seperate instance

## Requirements

- Docker installed on your machine.

## Usage

1. Enable access to X server:
```bash
xhost +local:
```

2. Clone repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/p3ps1-man/dockertrader.git
cd dockertrader
```


3. Build the Docker image:
```bash
docker build -t mt5 .
```

4. Run the Docker image:
```bash
docker run -it --rm -e DISPLAY=$DISPLAY -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix mt5
```

5. Or you can use something like this with docker-compose.yaml (you can mount your project, chart templates, configs, etc):
```bash
services:
  metatrader:
    image: mt5
    container_name: mt5
    environment:
      - DISPLAY=${DISPLAY:-:0}
    volumes:
      - /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix
      - ./templates/:/home/mt5/program/MQL5/Profiles/Templates/
      - ./project/:/home/mt5/program/MQL5/Experts/
```

Installation path of Metatrader is ```/home/mt5/program```

Commit message:

changed base image use to dockerhub and added github actions

README.md, after:

# Metatrader 5 docker image

This project enables you to run MetaTrader 5 with x11 forwarding i got the inspiration from [MetaTrader5-Docker-Image](https://github.com/gmag11/MetaTrader5-Docker-Image). Purpose for this project is to have safe and secure image without using external images. Project is made for linux although you can make it work with windows or macos with software that supports x11 forwarding. When you run the docker container new window will pop up with the program running so you can mount for example project to Experts or config to profiles. This image is published on [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/p3ps1man/dockertrader-x11).
Base image for this project is [dockertrader](https://github.com/p3ps1-man/dockertrader)

## Features

- Run MetaTrader 5 in an isolated enviroment
- Mount your seperate project chart config for you project
- Mount your project dir so it runs on a seperate instance
- Portable MetaTrader 5 where you can load your project specific config

## Requirements

- Docker installed on your machine.

## Usage

1. Enable access to X server:
```bash
xhost +local:
```

2. Clone repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/p3ps1-man/dockertrader.git
cd dockertrader
```


3. Build the Docker image:
```bash
docker build -t mt5 .
```

4. Or just pull the image from dockerhub and use it instead of local image:
```bash
docker pull p3ps1man/dockertrader-x11
```

5. Run the Docker image:
```bash
docker run -it --rm -e DISPLAY=$DISPLAY -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix mt5
```

6. Or you can use something like this with docker-compose.yaml (you can mount your project, chart templates, configs, etc) check out project docker-compose.yaml:
```bash
services:
  metatrader:
    image: mt5
    container_name: mt5
    environment:
      - DISPLAY=${DISPLAY:-:0}
    volumes:
      - /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix
      - ./templates/:/home/mt5/program/MQL5/Profiles/Templates/
      - ./project/:/home/mt5/program/MQL5/Experts/
```

## Notice

Default user is mt5 and installation path is program directory inside its home directory ```/home/mt5/program``` from there you can access ```MQL5/Experts``` or other directories you need. Permissions are preconfigured for mt5 user with GID:1000 and UID:1000.
